here we got a 2002 PT Cruiser you know
it's making a nasty noise you
know I think it might be a wheel bearing
but let's take a look at you know don't
really do not that from like 0 to 20 but
as soon as we get to here
not transmission transmission is simply
good you know
no will vibration or nothing like that
it's not moving to the side or anything
you know his ride straight down the road
is just making a really nasty noise like
it's like a humming noise you know I
wouldn't say it's like my I mean I think
my first step is probably a wheel
bearing but um hopefully is that you
know hopefully is not nothing crazy like
a transmission bearing or nothing but
you know
openness that
you see if I get another
that is 40 and up it starts doing it
love you guys here
soggy clothes like that
pop the window
you guys know about this or you guys are
experienced this you know let me know so
2002 PT Cruiser you know it's just
making a humming noise you know 40 and
over 40 miles an hour and over so uh
just let me know you know um give me a
few comments or something